Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewinstance-acceptrecommendations.md

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewInstance: acceptRecommendations

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Allows the acceptance of recommendations on all not reviewed [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) on an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) that they are the reviewer on.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account)| Not supported. |
|Application                            | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

> The signed-in user must also be a reviewer on the accessReviewInstance.

Reviewer: I notice this says "the signed-in user" but also in the perms table, that it is available for apps without a signed in user.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> POST /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{instance-id}/acceptRecommendations

Reviewer: Does an application have a "/me"?

> ---

Reviewer 2: The name of this file should be accessreviewinstance-post-acceptrecommendations.md

> title: "Accept recommendations for an accessReviewInstance"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "acceptRecommendations resource type"
```

> title: "Accept recommendations for an accessReviewInstance"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "accessReviewInstance: accessReviewInstance"
```

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, allow calling user to accept recommendations on all NotReviewed decisions on an `accessReviewInstance` that they are the reviewer on. "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Allows the acceptance of recommendations on all not reviewed decisions on an access review instance` that they are the reviewer on. "
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # Accept recommendations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# acceptRecommendations resource type
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> In the Azure AD [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md) feature, the calling user can accept recommendations for every NotReviewed [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) on a specific [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) that the calling user is a reviewer on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows the acceptance of recommendations on all not reviewed [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) on an [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md) that they are the reviewer on.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

Reviewer 2: There should be a row here for:

| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |

|Application                            | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

> The signed in user must also be a reviewer on the `accessReviewInstance`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The signed in user must also be a reviewer on the accessReviewInstance.
```

We typically use the tick mark to identify user inputted data.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> POST /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{instanceID}/acceptRecommendations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
POST /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{instance-id}/acceptRecommendations
```

```
## Request headers
None.

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `204, No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

> ## Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> ##### Request

Reviewer 2: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Request

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer 2: The SDK snippets are automatically generated. For a new API, this should not be here. Remove line 45.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "acceptrecommendations_accessReviewInstance"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/70a68410-67f3-4d4c-b946-6989e050be19/acceptRecommendations
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer 2: Remove lines 53 through 62.

[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Objective-C](#tab/objc)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

> ##### Response

Reviewer 2: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Response
